doc: Link fix (#250)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/devices/TroubleShooting.rst

.. only:: v1_5_x

>     One form of A-GPS is using SUPL and it can be optionally enabled in the firmware using the `SUPL client  <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/others/supl_os_client.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One form of A-GPS is using SUPL and it can be optionally enabled in the firmware using the `SUPL client  <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/1.5.1/nrf/include/supl_os_client.html>`_.
```

**suggestion:** link to 1.5.1 page from 1.5.x branch

Author: Fixed.
